h1. Rails Startup Template

This template lets you to create quickly new Rails applications using Rails 2.x.x. To use it, just specify the -m switch when creating a Rails application:

<pre><code>rails new_app_name -m http://github.com/Satish/Rails-Startup-App/raw/master/template.rb</code></pre>

h2. Generated Application

Here's a list of what this template sets up:

h4. Rails
  * "Authlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic/tree/master for user authentication, including password resets.
  * "Declarative Authorization":http://github.com/stffn/declarative_authorization for authorization mechanism.

h4. Javascript
* Choice of "Prototype":http://www.prototypejs.org or "jQuery":http://jquery.com or "MooTools":http://mootools.net/.

h4. SCM
* git repository.

h4. Testing
* TODO

h4. Some other useful gems/plugins such as:
  * "Will Paginate":http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/tree/master for pagination.
  * "HoptoadNotifier":http://github.com/thoughtbot/hoptoad_notifier.git for error tracking.
  * "Paperclip":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master  Or 'AttachmentFu':http://github.com/technoweenie/attachment_fu for attachment management.

h2. Post Installation Instructions/notes

1. Please update application routes.rb if any of the generated controller is in namespace.
    Example: for controller: admin/users_controller.rb,  routes should be as bellow
  <pre><code>
  map.namespace :admin do |admin|
  admin.with_options :controller => :users do |controller|
    controller.signup '/signup', :action => :new, :conditions => { :method => :get }
    controller.resource :user, :only => [:show, :create, :edit, :update]
  end
  </code></pre>
2. Edit database.yml to add database name , username, userpassword
3. rake gems:install
4. rake db:create
5. rake db:migrate
